New resource/Data Source `azurerm_data_share` (#6789)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/data_share.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Data Share"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_data_share"
description: |-
  Manages a Data Share.
---

# azurerm_data_share

Manages a Data Share.

## Example Usage

```hcl
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
}

resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_data_share_account" "example" {
  name                = "example-dsa"
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  tags = {
    foo = "bar"
  }
}

resource "azurerm_data_share" "example" {
  name        = "example_dss"
  account_id  = azurerm_data_share_account.example.id
  share_kind  = "CopyBased"
  description = "example desc"
  terms       = "example terms"

  snapshot_schedule {
    recurrence = "Day"
    start_time = "2020-04-17T04:47:52.9614956Z"
  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Data Share. Changing this forces a new Data Share to be created.

> * `account_id` - (Required) The ID of the Data Share account from which the Data Share is created. Changing this forces a new Data Share to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `account_id` - (Required) The ID of the Data Share account in which the Data Share is created. Changing this forces a new Data Share to be created.
```

* `share_kind` - (Required) The kind of the Data Share. Changing this forces a new Data Share to be created.

> * `description` - (Optional) The description of the Data Share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `description` - (Optional) The Data Share's description.
```

* `snapshot_schedule` - (Optional) A `snapshot_schedule` block as defined below.

* `terms` - (Optional) The terms of the Data Share.

---

A `snapshot_schedule` block supports the following:

> * `recurrence` - (Required) The recurrence interval of the synchronization of the source data. Possible values are 'Hour'and 'Day'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `recurrence` - (Required) The recurrence interval of the synchronization of the source data. Possible values are `Hour` and `Day`.
```

> * `start_time` - (Required) The start time of the synchronization of the source data.

Reviewer: grammer
```suggestion
* `start_time` - (Required) The time to start synchronization with the source data.
```
